The rainforest will have to stretch up to the same latitude as the top of the far western island continent, the 
mountain range will need to be more intrusive to the rainforest.

Climate: rainforest and tropical weather at the southern end, maybe some desert above the mountains (kind of like
texas), grasslands going further north up to the tundra with mediocre summers and winters that get progressively worse
as you go north

Flora: (from south to north) rainforest, snow capped mountains with trees going a decent way up the slope, desert,
grassland, tundra, arctic

Fauna: vermin are almost unheard of on this continent due to the insanely high number of cats that roam the continent
(this includes everything from kittens up to top tier predators like lions and tigers). The rainforest is overflowing
with biodiversity and more species than anyone cares to classify. the animals that live in the mountains are mostly
domesticated cats, hunting/war dogs, and large animals kept in pens and cages for display/meat/leather/bone.

Home to the mountain dwarves and forest elves
  
The dwarves grow the majority of their food under the mountains in their massive and complex cities full of levers,
magma traps, and fancy as fuck dining halls. The dwarves have purposefully collapsed some caves to quell the demons that
spring forth from the earth and are wary about digging deeper. This hasn't stopped their greed however and so they've
begun venturing out of the mountains to begin strip mining the deserts to the north and the rainforest to the south. 
This has obviously been met with some opposition from the elves.
  NOTE: dwarves live 252-450 years.
  
The elves of the rainforest exist in scattered tribes that have battled amongst eachother for hundreds of years. News of
the dwarves expanding their borders to the south has caused groups of tribes to band together, some alliances being
incredibly strong and others collapsing at the slightest insult. The strongest alliances exist in the north where the
threat is immediate.

The gnomes live at the USA/Canada latitudes north of the dwarves. They trade with the dwarves for crafting resources in
exchange for their contraptions and expertise (stills, breweries, other mechanical contraptions). the gnomes are not a
strictly organized society. They're pretty free spirited.

************************************************************************************************************************
The following information is not known by any character or living NPC outside of the mountain home. Many many centuries
ago a group of dwarves left the mountain home and headed north, never to be seen again. These dwarves settled in the
tundra. They live a simple but isolated life, never trading with outsiders or venturing outside. Their fortress
stretches from the tundra, north into the desolate arctic circle. Resources come from mining the tundra and the fortress
is largely build from ice blocks held together by hope, magic, and engineering (in that order).
